4.2 update guide (#1701)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/from_4.1/update_from_4.1.md

    composer recipes:install ibexa/content --force -v
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_exp =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/experience:[[= latest_tag_4_2 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    composer recipes:install ibexa/experience --force -v
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_com =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/commerce:[[= latest_tag_4_2 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    composer recipes:install ibexa/commerce --force -v
    ```

The `recipes:install` command installs new YAML configuration files. Look through the old YAML files and move your custom configuration to the relevant new files.

#### Run data migration

Next, run data migration required by the Customer portal feature:

``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:migrations:import vendor/ibexa/corporate-account/src/bundle/Resources/migrations/corporate_account.yaml --name=001_corporate_account.yaml
```

If you are using [[= product_name_com =]], additionally run:

``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:migrations:import vendor/ibexa/corporate-account/src/bundle/Resources/migrations/corporate_account_commerce.yaml --name=002_corporate_account_commerce.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer: It is missing same code as in https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/updating/from_3.3/to_4.0/#prepare-new-database-tables so information about `php bin/console ibexa:migrations:migrate -v --dry-run` and then `php bin/console ibexa:migrations:migrate`

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/commerce:[[= latest_tag_4_1 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    ```

## Update from v4.1.latest to v4.2

When you have the latest version of v4.1, you can update to v4.2.

### Update the application

First, run:

=== "[[= product_name_content =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/content:[[= latest_tag_4_2 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    composer recipes:install ibexa/content --force -v
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_exp =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/experience:[[= latest_tag_4_2 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    composer recipes:install ibexa/experience --force -v
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_com =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/commerce:[[= latest_tag_4_2 =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    composer recipes:install ibexa/commerce --force -v
    ```

> The `recipes:install` command installs new YAML configuration files. Look through the old YAML files and move your custom configuration to the relevant new files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `recipes:install` command installs new YAML configuration files. 
Review the old YAML files and move your custom configuration to the relevant new files.
```
